Copy edits (#132)
websight-io/docs: docs/docs/developers/development/dialogs/assetreference/index.md

## Description

> The Asset Reference component is an input that allows the user to pick an asset from the space by dragging it from the assets tab on the left sidebar. It will only allow for dropping assets that match the MIME type of the field's configuration

Reviewer: We made an internal agreement to use the "dialog field" instead of the "component". It was misleading because we used "component" in many places and didn't change this. I will add suggestions to change it.

```suggestion
The Asset Reference dialog field is an input that allows the user to pick an asset from the space by dragging it from the assets tab on the left sidebar. It will only allow for dropping assets that match the MIME type of the field's configuration
```
